9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
and Glass.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in [music] greater China. Our
top stories today, energy markets remain
in whipsaw territory. Uh investors
weighing what could be the largest ever
oil increase from IEA. Uh the Trump
White House mix mix messaging on the war
in Iran.
>> A frenzy over open claw grips China with
consumers [music] and tech firms rushing
to embrace the open source AI program.
>> More on China's AI industry coming up.
We speak to the co-founder of AI cloud
platform Tuya about [music] the growth
strategy and their global expansion
plans.
>> And I'm Stephen Engle in Beijing,
[music] where China's most important
political gatherings of the year are
drawing to a close [music] today and
tomorrow as attention now really sort of
pivots to Donald Trump's visit here
later this month and early April for
that summit with Xi Jinping.
>> Yeah, it is still a market [music] that
is very headline driven here. At least
oil markets are concerned given Yeah, as
you talked about the conflicting sort of
messages we're getting from the White
House. But at least in the last hour or
so, it was that Wall Street
>> report about what the IEA is planning
on. The calmer heads are really kind of
helping here when it comes to the
volatility and stemming that in some
way.
>> If Yeah, if you need to plan quite a
quite a big number, too, right? 182
million barrels. And you got to wonder
to your point We were just having this
conversation right before we came on
set, you know, whether it was a matter
of supply because supply was simply
turned off because storage was filling
up. It's It's moving and transporting
the stuff that's that's the key issue
right now. That goes into the mixed
messages around what really is taking
place in the Strait of Hormuz, the you
know, the amount of traffic that's going
through.
There's report of mines and then Donald
Trump, of course, coming out the
president saying, you know, we're going
to address that if in fact Iran is is is
is looking to plat just a lot of naval
mines as well. But yes, it's it's
headline driven to your point, which is
why I guess when you look at markets,
we're really seeing very strange things
taking place, which normally don't
coexist well. I'll get to that in a
moment.
>> Yeah, I think it's it all sort of kind
of with the energy secretary of the US,
Chris Wright, when he came out with this
post talking about, you know,
vessels were being escorted through the
Strait of Hormuz and then it was taken
down and then Caroline Livitt had to
come through and you know, it it just
became so confusing that at one point I
think oil markets were sub 80 at one
point and then we kind of flipped back
up and now this IEA report kind of puts
things back into a little bit more of a
settling territory, but it just goes to
show that the Iran strategy from the US
administration right now is in in some
ways quite conflicting and confusing,
too.
>> Yeah, I will show that to our viewers
later on, of course, that exchange
as far as the White House is concerned.
But two messages, right? I think what we
can take away. One is
things have not settled when you look at
Brent fall, for example, that's coming
up on your screens. 10-day fall is now
at historic levels, effectively
comparing that to Ukraine war, which is
in blue, the global pandemic, which is
in pink, the global financial crisis in
orange,
Desert Storm
in in the late '90s, right? Now, even if
this goes away, say this settles, if
this goes away we're still stuck with
the inflation issue because oil is still
up 40% year-to-date. So, we're still
stuck with that issue as well. So,
markets are trying to just
figure out which is the lesser evil at
this point in time.
>> And it seems like the worst case
scenario is stagflation, right? Which is
what, you know, people are starting to
worry about. If we continue to see this
conflict continue and prolonged, you
know, does this mean that, you know,
it's going to be even harder for for
central banks uh to really cut rates.
So, there's that And then, you know, I
really want to talk about open claw, but
you know, it's really these headlines
that are really overshadowing what we
really want to talk about in China,
which is this frenzy that's going on
with open claw right now. And the the
lobster husbandry, have you seen it?
>> Yes, that's that that's the term right
now. [laughter] It was uh they've always
been their lobster, as they say. Uh and
it's really it's taken on really the
primary moving the primary mover when
you look at markets going into the close
yesterday, right? Tencent, Minimax, and
what have you. Overnight, you had Baidu
as well. We'll get to that in a moment,
but yes, these are two separate stories,
and I imagine the latter will be
still front and center when you look at
these Chinese markets coming online
right now. Uh that all being said, Brent
is coming online right now up 1% in the
early
>> [clears throat]
>> uh moments there. New York crude is 6/10
of 1%. Uh just looking at the intraday
really doesn't do justice to the amount
of swings we've seen
>> [clears throat]
>> of late. Uh let's have a look, please,
at the Nikkei 225. So, I I alluded to
this too. It's quite rare that you see
the cash market is up by that amount,
and the Nikkei vol index is also up by
quite substantial amounts. So, you are
getting still hedging coming through
amidst the rally taking place. Taiwan
within that uh this is perhaps the
window to tell you this. Uh TSMC, of
course, uh in terms of monthly sales, uh
Jan and Feb, that number is out 1.7% to
the upside. S&P futures are better by
about a third of 1%. So, we talked about
this. You had earnings coming through.
Alibaba was up overnight. This check
rally again very much in focus. Nio's an
earning story. Uh we'll see what that
looks like as far as the listing this
part of the world is concerned. A50
futures, last we checked, are slightly
to the downside. Oil coming up, and
dollar China was back above 6.9, and as
you can see in terms of uh the dollar
coming through 6.87 right now on dollar
offshore.
>> Yeah, and really we talked about the
latest confusion over US policy over
Iran uh really has started with that now
deleted post on X by the energy
secretary Chris Wright talking about
these sort of US escorts.
And then really what we heard was this
pretty interesting exchange from from
our own BN reporter
Hadriana Lowenkron with Carolyn Levitt
in the White House really clear trying
to clarify what really is the strategy
moving forward. Take a listen.
>> Can you explain why the energy secretary
posted and then appeared to have deleted
a post on X saying that the US Navy
escorted an oil tanker through the
Strait of Hormuz?
>> Yes, I was made aware of this post. I
haven't had a chance to talk to the
energy secretary about it directly.
However, I know the post was taken down
pretty quickly and I can confirm that
the US Navy has not escorted a tanker or
vessel at this time. Though of course
that's an option the president has said
he will absolutely utilize if and when
necessary at the appropriate time.
>> And if this was something that was
posted erroneously
or could it be because of a staffer,
what you know, what I guess
will there be any consequences for this?
I know you still have to consult but
just generally speaking
>> again I would defer you to the
Department of Energy to answer that
question.
>> And if I could just follow up really
quickly,
in [clears throat] terms of oil
sanctions, the president said that there
would be some sanctions what that would
be lifted. Would those be on Venezuela,
Russia? Could you give some specifics
there and then timing for that as well?
>> Sure. I know it's something that the
Treasury Department and the president's
energy team continue to discuss and they
will ultimately consult with the
president before decisions are made. I
don't have any announcements on new
sanctions or the lifting of new
sanctions for you today.
>> Derek Wallbank, our senior editor, is
with us right now with the latest.
Derek, more question marks now than we
have answers. Split the difference for
us between that exchange. Where what
message do you think we should be taking
away at this point?
>> Well David, I think that there's
two sort of buy, sell, hold questions
that people have here, right?
From a market's perspective. One is
when's this going to end, right? It's
it's going to end sooner or it's going
to end later, right? So, that's the
first one. The second one is when does
energy
uh flow get back to some semblance of
what people have thought of as normal.
Uh those two things are very closely
connected, but not necessarily the same
thing, right? Uh the idea that the US
would be doing
uh uh ship transits through the state
the Strait of Hormuz and sort of like
opening that corridor um would would be
relevant to that second point, but maybe
not the first. And I say that to say
this, that's why when you see these
comments from the United States, which
is a a principal actor in this in this
comment about whether they're going to
stop soon or whether uh this is almost
mission accomplished or whether this is
going to continue on for weeks to go,
right? This is why you're seeing that
sort of whipsaw in the markets that you
saw uh in US trading hours. This is why
social media posts from the US Energy
Secretary are so important. This is why
you see markets move when Caroline
Levitt makes those sorts of of comments
there. And all of this kind of I think
takes together
uh
you know, you're you're you're seeing a
situation right now that uh that big oil
companies and and and countries around
there are calling
uh some of the most disruptive that
we've seen uh in in many people's living
memory uh in in the region, not least of
which on top of that um you know, the
sort of humanitarian situation that's
going on there and the geostrategic, you
know, fate of what happens in the Middle
East and the makeup of of the whole
region. So, there are a lot of really
huge questions going on right now and
there has been a lot of sort of back and
forth in time in terms of this messaging
and that's really explaining a lot of
the volatility that you're seeing across
major existential questions.
>> There seems to be also confusion about
the the the fact that there's Iran might
be laying mines
across the Strait of Hormuz. What do we
know at this point of the situation
there?
>> Well,
we we have some we have seen some media
outlets report that something like that
had started. Donald Trump came out and
said that the US did not have
information to suggest so, but then came
out and said and we got CENTCOM
posting video of some strikes on what
the US said were
inactive mine mine boats. And and so
there is a sort of messaging about, you
know, if this is going to happen, we're
prepared to kind of have a go at it.
Trump made a threat towards Iran if they
were going to be placing mines that that
would be dealt with quite harshly. Said
that if they had done so to remove those
would be a positive sign.
I think that that idea relative to
whether or not that is a passable
waterway is I think a very very, you
know, key one.
And and certainly you've seen the the
fact that there have been blockages and
and a sort of effective closure to most
of the ship traffic in that vital energy
waterway. You've seen production cuts in
major oil producing countries
across the region accordingly that have
used the Strait of Hormuz.
And this is part of why there's such a
big focus on it. But again, you know,
getting to that question of that sort of
uncertainty
and volatility there.
When you have something that's this big
of a deal and you don't know whether or
not it's open or not or going to be
mined and you have to pick up mines and
go through that process. I mean, you're
talking potentially of
weeks of getting this back open if there
has been action taken like that. So it's
not a question of flipping on a light
switch and back it comes. It's a
question that this may take a very long
time to normalize even if everybody made
a decision to to put down their guns and
normalize tomorrow. It doesn't fix
itself right away.
>> Mhm.
Good point. Derek, thank you. Derek
Wallbank, our senior editor joining us
from San Francisco. Let's get to our
executive editor for Asian markets, Paul
Dobson now. On really just the market
reaction, I think you know, there's been
a lot of volatility Paul when it comes
to oil markets, but as soon as that
journal sort of report on what the IEA
might be prepared to do in terms of
releasing some of these reserves seems
to have calmed markets a bit. You see
dollar weakening, stocks are popping
higher as well. Talk us through the
price action right now.
>> Yeah, I think you're right Yvonne that
it is definitely added to a supportive
environment for financial markets that
have priced in quite a lot of the bad
news already. I don't think that this
was entirely unexpected and and that's
why you're seeing quite modest reaction,
but nonetheless, you know, gains in
equities markets
and a weaker dollar. So, broader gains
against the dollar for currencies around
our region for example.
Um
I think the
the as I said, the the release is not
unexpected.
They've been talking about it for a
couple of days. When they first signaled
that this was a possibility, the market
responded pretty favorably. I think that
what Derek was saying is is right. Yes,
of course it depends on how long it can
go
on, but I also think that perhaps the
market at the start of this week got a
little bit too excited about how quickly
there would be a supply crunch. There's
a lot of oil all around the world in
these reserves. Um there are efforts to
divert flows, so they're finding other
ways out of the Strait of Hormuz as
well. And so, you know, the the market
is adapting and adjusting and trying to
find the best way that it can keep on
going for as long as possible. Um with
the with the amount of um,
uh, interrupted flow that we're seeing,
you could assume that the market might
be able to keep on going for 4 to 6
weeks before reserves are run down to
levels where they were maybe last year
and when the prices were in this kind of
bracket where we're at right at this
moment in time. And with the reserves
coming into into play as well, you know,
it's just a question of getting that oil
to the right places at the right times.
There's more of a challenge uh, than the
actual supply demand picture for
a reasonable amount of time.
>> Uh, Paul, meanwhile though, there's a
separate theme that's dominating China
and the early pricing suggests that the
open claw phenomenon will continue to be
an area of focus in Chinese markets.
Talk to us about Chinese tech today.
>> Yeah, David, I think it's it's good to
be able to talk about something other
than uh, the the heavy situation in the
Middle East and this is a little bit
more of an optimistic picture in the
tech space where um, you know, the
embracing enthusiasm for open claw is
really uh, kind of bouncing around
Chinese uh, tech sector at the moment
with more and more companies adopting
it, bringing it into their systems and
allowing people to use it. Now, flip
side of that of course is that this
creates a lot of security questions as
well because in order to use it, you
need to allow it access to a lot of your
personal data and information as well.
And so there are those qualms and
concerns about how far it can go and
whether guardrails are necessary, but at
the same time, you know, the adoption
and the efficiencies that you can get
from it uh, seem to be uh, taken by the
man on the street as worth the risks and
therefore, you know, there's enthusiasm
for the companies that are that are
bringing it on board.
>> Paul, thank you. Uh, great context there
as we again try and wrap our heads
around how big the playground is at the
moment on the tech and also on the
market side. Paul Dobson in Singapore
for us.
Right uh, just ahead here, we'll talk
more about this. We're diving into this
enthusiasm
for open [music] claw AI agents as it
ignites really the stock rally in local
tech companies coming through. [music]
>> Well, we'll be speaking with JP Morgan
Asset Management's Oliver Cox and why he
thinks the AI model might be the best
thing he's [music] seen
since the iPhone. We're counting down
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. [music]
This is The China Show.
>> [music]
>> As we talked about, right? It's open
claw and all about this that's really
kind of reignited the whole tech space
in China here today. So, we'll see if we
can see another day of this as well.
Certainly there's been some local media
talking about the security risk that
Paul Dobson can tell us about here, but
certainly that it is certainly been a
catalyst and overall when it comes to
all sort of AI plays here. Yen strength
certainly is one thing we continue to
deal with here today. We're talking
about the CPCC that is closing also. So,
we'll get the latest from Steve on the
ground. There is a CGB sale. Still
watching high board and of course those
southbound flows, Dave.
>> Yeah, you know, following the massive
day buying we had on Monday, we had
almost the complete opposite, a lot of
selling on Tuesday. So, we'll we'll
track that closely today.
High board
So, two things, right? Lower rate
verge of falling below 2% today and of
course we're getting more because of the
strong currency Morgan Stanley's now
come out and said more buying as it
pertains to Hong Kong homes for mainland
buyers, too. BYD conversation around F1
as the brand and the company goes
global. We have earnings reaction from
Neo coming through. Earnings coming
through from Cathay Pacific today. Akeso
was also out and some Athleta's Pharma.
So, a lot of stuff. We'll we'll talk
about all of that once we get into all
of that in a moment. But, of course, all
things lead back to AI and tech given
everything that's taken place last 24
hours.
>> Yeah, let's get more on this whole open
claw frenzy. We kind of missed it given
just what's been going on in Iran this
week. And bringing in our Asia tech
correspondent Abel Julor on Yeah, what
exactly is open claw?
>> Yeah, so so essentially the the sort of
tagline, I guess, of this is that it's
an AI agent that doesn't just chat. It
actually does stuff. And that's what's
different about it. So, most AI tools
you go to them. So, for instance, you
you you go and access chat GPT, you you
access Gemini, you're going to it. The
idea of open claw is that it comes to
you instead. And so, it it runs 24/7 on
a server. It connects to your apps and
it takes actions without you asking. So,
just to sort of break it down into three
main ideas. There's the the brains and
the memory. So, it connects to AI models
via API. And the idea is that it retains
that information. It gets to know you
and then improves over time. Uh the
second is as I said that time it's
running 24/7. And the tools and actions
because it connect can can connect to
things like uh like Telegram, Gmail,
Slack, Discord, a lot more. And it can
do things on your behalf. So, just some
of the examples that that we've been
hearing about is say for instance, every
morning at 7:00 a.m. you can ask it to
to check your calendar, read through
your emails, and then give you a list of
priorities for the day.
>> Mhm.
>> If your gym class is only open up 24
hours or 48 hours before for
registration, you can program it to
automatically register you instead. I
mean, there's lots of different ways
that you can use this. And as I said,
the idea is that
it's it's connecting either via your PC,
you can connect to it via the cloud, or
you can connect to it on a Mac Mini or
some sort of isolated hardware. So, a
few different ways to access.
>> Yeah, you know, Tencent is up another 4
and 1/2% in the pre-market. It was up 7%
yesterday. What have the you know, the
the the What have Chinese companies
done?
>> Chinese companies have maybe I mean,
we've been talking about hyperdrive, but
it certainly seems like it's it's gone a
a level higher in China essentially. And
that just is down to how much big tech
companies in China are encouraging
people to to access this technology and
also bringing out their own tools that
are complimentary to it as well. So,
yesterday for instance you mentioned
Tencent. I mean yesterday they had the
best day in in about a year for instance
for the stock. they released their own
AI agent that is compatible with open
core. Jipu was another name we've been
tracking and it recently launched
a local version of the software. MiniMax
for instance, I think this is
exceptional but MiniMax launched an AI
agent back in February that's built on
on on open core. Its market value is now
above Baidu.
>> That's crazy.
>> And it just listed 2 months ago.
It's it's it's it's phenomenal numbers.
Of course, it's not all good. We had a
note out from Bloomberg Intelligence for
instance yesterday talking about
Tencent, Alibaba, the pressure this
could put on their cloud margins for
instance moving forward because using
these types of tools consumes a lot more
tokens. So, they really need to be able
to monetize that infrastructure. But uh
Yeah, as I said it's the frenzy is is
real and it certainly seems
a lot more in in in the mainland.
>> And and even that lobster emoji just
popping up everywhere, right?
>> And you can see the visuals of people
online wearing like the lobster hats and
things. So, so it's it's it's uh
>> All because of the claw, I guess.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Yeah, we got to we'll talk more about
the the the trending segment. There we
go.
It made its way. Yeah, this was a it's a
meeting, right? About just talking about
open claw and you see all those hats
coming through here.
I love it. I love it. You see in the
post too they're using the emojis on
social media.
>> Exactly, yeah.
>> Annabelle, thank you. Annabelle
Jewellers there or [laughter]
tech correspondent on the latest of
what's been going on uh with open claw.
Of course, take a look at that when it
comes to whether we see another day of
this is pretty mixed so far. In fact,
Tencent continues to travel along higher
[music] here up some 4 and 1/2 once
again, but Trip.com and Meituan are
falling some 3% here. So, maybe a bit of
consolidation on that front, but
certainly here's your pre-market in Hong
Kong [music] right now just given
when it comes to the Iran headlines,
things are actually slowing down
>> [music]
>> or at least not as risk off here and you
are seeing the Hang Seng up about 6/10
of 1%.
>> Right. Welcome back.
Hang Seng is up 6/10 of 1%. Hang Seng
Tech and you'll find out in a moment why
Tencent is up a further four in the
pre-markets today, 4 and 1/2% in fact
there. So, could 600 be on the cards as
far as today is concerned on the stock
price itself. Cathay's out with earnings
later. BYD of course said to be
exploring
getting involved in F1.
NIO of course is an earning story and
series of upgrades coming through there.
Up similar amount overnight, up about
15% going into the open today. China
oil's on the way down last we checked.
Should be coming up on your screens
given all the vol that's coming through
across these markets. There we go,
across some of the big oil plays in
China. And yeah, lots more coming
through here as it pertains to Chinese
markets. So, there's obviously the Iran
complexity to come through as well.
There's a complexity [music] that's done
as far as going into the big meeting
between the two presidents coming up in
a couple of weeks and we understand
based [music] on our reporting some
it's ruffled a few feathers. More on
that in a moment. [music] The open is
just ahead.
>> [music]
>> All right, welcome back. Two things,
[music] two main concepts markets are
grappling with the amount of oil that's
flowing through or the lack of it, the
Strait of Hormuz, [music]
and uh lobster husbandry.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, we'll unpack what this whole open
claw [music] frenzy in in China really
means here right now. But it is
something that is really kind of really
re-ignited the software trade uh when it
comes to AI in China, right? When you
have big [music] tech companies that
are, you know, embracing this, deploying
this this AI tool. Uh some of the
startups are also kind of boosting their
own sort of adoption. And then you have
local governments in in Shenzhen and
Wuxi, you know, offering subsidies for
people
>> [music]
>> uh to actually use it.
And and when you're really helping with
app development, I mean, that is enough
to create almost like this cult-like
following uh in the mainland here right
now. But yes, there are the security
risks which we have heard uh in local
media that we need kind of to talk
about, too. Uh but right now that
certainly is helping the Hong Kong
space. Here's what onshore markets are
doing. Uh we're we're slightly to the
upside here. We're just moderately
higher in the CSI 300, just above that
4700 line. Uh Shanghai crude, so
interestingly, is still coming off some
of the initial lows, but we are still
down about 10%. So, I mean, maybe not as
volatile as what we've been seeing with
Brent and and WTI in the last few hours
given that IEA uh apparently, according
to the Wall Street Journal, is set to
release one of the largest uh reserves
release ever since I think the Russian
war or even larger than during Yeah,
larger than the Russian war, too. So,
that was enough to at least calm some of
the oil traders out there, but still a
lot of lingering questions about what
the exit strategy is going to be. Uh but
there you go. Uh a lot of moving parts
in terms of some of these large caps
here today. CATL continues to stand out
given its earnings that came out just a
few days ago. So, certainly that's the
one thing to watch as well. Uh we're
watching the Hong Kong open and here you
go.
Um the tech space obviously is on fire
again um and we're watching the HS tech
is up 6/10 of 1%. Uh Alibaba, Tencent,
Baidu are all higher here this morning.
So, these are the some of the tech
giants that really have been promoting
this viral AI software of Open Claw. Uh
that's certainly one thing to watch
here. Uh property and some of the banks
we're seeing a bit of pressure here this
morning. It is a stronger RMB just given
the dollar moves we've seen. Uh dollar
did weaken on the back of that journal
report, too, on what the IA may be
prepared to do as well. But, the boards
I take a look at some of the movers. Uh
so, we're watching of course earnings.
So, Nio uh so, first is BYD. So, set to
be exploring an entry into the F1. That
could be one thing. Uh it could be quite
interesting as well. Uh Nio, we did see
the fourth revenue beating estimates and
I think it's one of the first profits uh
they've reported quarterly. So,
certainly that is enough to boost the
stock by close to 16% following what we
saw in the ADRs overnight. Cathay is
next to report as well. Interesting to
see what they say about this whole Iran
situation given how fluid it is here
right now. But, they've had to cut down
a lot of flights
>> Yep.
>> uh around the Middle East as well of
late. Uh so, we talked about oil, we
talked about airline stocks. Uh we got
to talk about, you know, what we're
seeing, too, when it comes to the oil
markets, right? We we said, you know, at
one point we were
subset 80 then we're now back up, you
know, because there is still a lot of
confusion about what the US strategy is
in Iran right now. So, it's a mixed
picture across some of these oil names
here, but it is mostly, I guess you
could say, lower. Uh and then let's talk
about Open Claw, right? So, it's not
just the tech giants, it's the software
stocks, it's it's the startups, right?
The Mini Maxes, the the moonshots that
have been really talking about deploying
this type of technology. And there you
go, Geely Auto
is up another 5%. Mini Max is up some
2%. They you know, you talked about Mini
Max at one point. Now, the market cap is
even larger than likes of a big giant
tech giant like Baidu. Now, it's quite
remarkable.
>> Yeah, I think it that headline it
surpassed it I think yesterday.
Here's a statistic for you. So, Minimax
is trading at 500 times revenue.
So, yeah,
let's I'm curious to to hear what JP
Morgan thinks about that. They're
joining us at the top of the next hour,
of course. They're looking at this
specifically, too.
And yeah, I mean the this comes So, the
enthusiasm is coming up against this
I wouldn't say pushback, but warnings
coming through from regulators here
about the security risks of your data,
right? If you put it on a platform,
there is a risk, of course, that makes
it out there.
The People's Daily, in fact, publishing
that inner posting that interview with
Wei Liang.
He's the vice president the vice
president of China Academy of
Information and Comms Tech, warning of
significant security challenges. Just
something to keep in mind amidst this
enthusiasm, of course, around the
embracing of this technology and as
people, of course, are rushing and
literally lining up to download this
app, as well. We'll dig into that a bit
later on, as well, on the show. The
other story that we're tracking here, as
well, as we're wrapping up, of course,
the the big meetings
over in Beijing. Of course, it's been
somewhat overshadowed by the Iran story,
but certainly when you look at how those
two things come together in a couple of
weeks, there is this meeting between the
two presidents, and does one affect the
other? Steven Engle, who's been covering
the story for us on the ground in
Beijing, joins us right now. Our chief
North Asia correspondent, Steve, how
does this affect preparations for this
upcoming meeting between the two
presidents?
>> Well, we all know that China likes to
have choreographed state of
visits. And this one they are highly
anticipating the visit by Donald Trump
in just 3 weeks time from now.
At the end of March and then early
April. And the sources are telling
Bloomberg News that I I think there's
some frustration building within the
powers the halls of power here in
Beijing even while they're going to be
wrapping up the NPC tomorrow. And that
is there's only 3 weeks left to get all
the preparations. And the complaint and
the concern is that the US side maybe is
distracted because of what's happening
in the Middle East because of the
re-jigging of the tariff
mechanisms at the White House following
the state or the SCOTUS ruling making
many of his tariffs illegal. So there's
been re-jigging obviously and
distractions in the White House that has
not necessarily led to assuage the fears
that the Chinese
organizers have for the state visit
because China like the NPC there's a
reason why the NPC is held once a year.
It's highly choreographed and they have
a year essentially to prepare for it and
to get their ducks in a row. There's not
much time now and the fear is that
because there's not any agreed to
deliverables on either side
that this could be sort of
one dictated by spontaneity which Donald
Trump let's face it I think he thinks
that's an advantage his spontaneity but
then it could potentially from the
Chinese side make it go off rail and
also sort of go down to the low hanging
fruit and not get to areas perhaps that
Xi Jinping wants to talk about. Less on
trade and more on strategic key issues.
So we'll have to see. We did hear as
well guys that the Chinese had actually
allegedly or reportedly
offered late April to give them more
time to possibly get the preparation
going. Last time when Trump came here in
2017 Trump sent his
Secretary of State I think it was Rex
Tillerson also his Secretary of Commerce
came to China to lay the groundwork.
This time we've not had such a
high-level meetings. We are having
Jameson Greer, the US trade
representative, as well as
Scott Bessent, the Treasury Secretary,
meeting their counterpart He Lifeng in
Paris this weekend. But again, 3 weeks
to go until Trump arrives here on Air
Force One.
>> And it seems like this whole Iran
situation is is really just complicating
things. It seems the Foreign Minister
Wang Yi
has been speaking with the Qataris, I
believe, on a phone call, reportedly.
Tell us a little more about what sort of
diplomacy we've seen when it comes to
the Iran situation now.
>> Okay, sorry guys. We lost audio
connection, so I didn't hear the
question.
>> [laughter]
>> But let let me just riff a little bit
further on some of the
preparation concerns that the Chinese
have. One issue is the Taiwan issue, cuz
one thing we've heard, as well, is
Taiwan sources have told us uh
Okay. Well, I'm going to send it back to
you guys. We're having a lots of
communication problems out of Beijing
today.
>> Yeah, it's okay. Lots lots of sort of
tech issues here and gremlins. We'll
work things out and bring you back,
Steve, coming through here. But yeah,
that our chief North Asia correspondent,
Steve Engle, joining us in Beijing.
Let's bring in Hao Zhou, economist at
Guotai Haitong Securities.
Um yeah, overall, I mean, I know the
Iran situation has really kind of
dominated the headlines, but in terms of
NPC, you know, anything that stood out
to you that really is something that was
interesting?
>> Uh thank you for having me here. I think
the most important key was his the tech
and the fiscal in NPC. I think you know,
we talk about the claw, and everyone
will have its own claw in the future,
and everyone will have their own robot
in the future. So, basically, which
means which means that, you know,
technology will be the key technology a
part of the driver of the economy for
China next couple of years. And I mean,
in the meantime, we believe that the
fiscal policy will be important. We know
that oil prices are volatile, you know,
that will limit the room for monetary
policy in China, but the fiscal side
definitely there will more kind of
you know, if expansionary in China. We
see that you know, the debt ratio is
about 4% of GDP
is stable, but basically which also
means that you know, when the government
needed or the government can still in
the pump up the money into the market if
needed. So basically you know, I think
you know, we have a strong start of the
Chinese economy at the beginning of this
year. We saw the export numbers today
was really really strong and you know,
PMI okay for now. I think in this case
you know, basically which means that you
know, probably China will have like
about 5% growth this year.
Maybe the range is the 4.5 to 5%, but
basically I think you know, there's
still kind of
highly likely we see close to 5% growth
for this year.
>> Does
does having a 5% let's say they hit the
top end of the range. Does that address
the employment
the weak employment market? In other
words, has the relationship between GDP
growth and employment changed given the
role of technology and everything else
and I wonder whether or not we should be
looking at employment equally as
important as growth.
>> I think you know, two things here
basically AI will kill some job
definitely not only in China, but
globally. But in the meantime we know
that technology will create some new
jobs. You know, we do visit a lot of
factory in China. We see that you know,
the new guys you know, the young guys
they are graduates from
good university and they are kind of
doing a lot of you know, technology
related jobs in China at this moment.
And we see that you know, the AI model
or this kind of thing all need a lot of
you know, kind of high technology you
know, talents in China. In the meantime
I think the service service sector will
help absorb a lot of you know,
employment in China labors as well.
Okay. know that you like you know, I I I
my hometown was in Jiangsu province. We
know that's a very famous kind of uh
>> Tell us.
>> Yeah, the the football league in in
Jiangsu province. And every city will
have its own kind of
the team. And every weekend they can go
to different cities to not watch
football, but also do a lot tourism, you
know, enjoy the food there.
>> Okay.
>> So, this will happen in I think probably
in April. I don't take about, you know,
uh 4 months. And then basically in the
in the whole in the whole kind of summer
we'll see a lot of, you know, football
fans, you know, coming to Jiangsu
province and take the high-speed train.
And I'll spend over spend over weekend
in the in the big city in the in the in
the city there.
>> It's interesting, right? Because
we did a great piece about you know,
maybe not in Jiangsu, but in in like
parts like Guangdong, which are you
know, big manufacturing hubs.
>> Yeah.
>> People are struggling to find jobs right
now. And this whole sort of AI,
you know, wave is really kind of killing
a lot of these, you know, factory
workers' jobs.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know, yes, it brings a lot of
productivity, but then again, it's it's
not enough to really boost consumption
because consumption and spending is
still so low in China. So, how do you
see the whole consumption space?
Anyway, are you are you seeing any sort
of meaningful sort of
um signs that maybe consumption is
actually coming back?
>> I think, you know, I'm very positive on
that. Basically, we can see that in the
ratio of the services consumption as a
certain percentage of GDP is relatively
low in China. And in our opinion, it
will take some time, maybe 10 years, to
reach a relatively, you know, uh medium
level uh globally compared to compare
according to the global standard.
>> Mhm.
>> So, basically, I think, you know, uh the
service sector will help quite a lot uh
in terms of this. Of course, you know,
the factory job, you know, especially
the labor intensive jobs will be lost
due to the AI, due to technology. But we
know that, you know, a lot of people do
the social media. A lot of people, you
You I went to like, you know,
I also some cities in Guangdong province
during the Chinese New Year because you
know my wife you know saw something on
Tik Tok and say she said okay we have to
be there and we do see a lot of people
you know in province in city like
Shantou. They look at there you know
gathering together and they try the the
you know the food there and of course
you know the bad thing is that the
restaurant is really very expensive
hotels is crazily expensive there but
you know we can see that it is create
some demand and the local government
already saw this is kind of problem but
also create some kind of
you know demand for labor and especially
for service related jobs there.
>> Yeah.
Just a your outlook on um
inflation. So we have a couple of
two-part questions. So we now have the
spike in oil prices
>> Yeah.
>> globally.
Um is that going to be somewhat welcome
news given the efforts to boost
inflation in China and do you think we
might get consumers can they absorb
that? Whether that's temporary or more
prolonged we don't know it still but I
just have what is your where is your
mind in that?
>> Well maybe China has the low inflation
issue. They want to they want to see
kind of a relatively high inflation but
I don't think you know oil price is a
good kind of driver for that. No but of
course you know oil price might be
driving inflation a bit higher but
probably you know possibly we're from
PPI inflation to to CPI inflation pass
through
>> pass through you know China will be
there. So in the meantime I think you
know if you look at the China's history
when the oil price is surged you know
basically the inflation might you know
take some also spike in the short term
but in a relatively long term
perspective it will still in the depend
on the fundamentals.
>> Okay.
>> For example you know in China
during the 2008
global financial crisis you know there
was a spike in the oil prices at the
beginning the CPI CPI inflation picked
up a little bit but gradually you know
come down. So I think it will from this
kind of perspective, we what we have to
really have to think about here is that
normally thing normally speaking we see
see oil is the external shock.
But this kind of shock, you know,
happened from time to time. Whether this
will be constantly a problem in the
future. This also means that China, for
example, need a lot of, you know,
alternatives
for oil and energy. Yeah, yeah. This for
example, new energy.
>> I was going to get you to react to some
of those export numbers that we got
yesterday. I mean they were double
digits and really kind of surpassing
expectations. A lot of it had to do with
where these exports were going to non-US
destinations. Now, where
is that going to be a problem at all
this year? Just given the fact that, you
know, it seems a lot of these nations
have already dealt with the most of it
US tariff policy. But, you know, China
when it comes to exporting some of their
cheap products and the like. I mean, is
that going to be an issue this year?
>> Uh for at the you know, the most
important thing here is that when we
look at these numbers, the good thing is
that the volume growth right now is out
pace out paced the value growth in China
in the first two months of this year.
This is kind of, you know,
>> Why is that important?
>> Yes, yeah. They were somehow, you know,
basically
reduce some kind of concerns for
investors because they always think that
there will be kind of a price
competition
among Chinese corporates. And the second
thing is that, you know, even the the
exports to US has the declined by
another kind of double digit, but
actually it's narrowed compared to last
year. And then in the meantime we see
that, you know, the good thing is the
product mix is good because the the
China's export a lot of kind of
semiconductor
with a chip, ship, and auto.
You know, these kind of things in the
rest of the world. This might be, you
know, create some issues,
you know, for other countries in the
world, but look at this number only I
think still have to say that the
strongest number in almost the five
years. This is actually a very good
start of the China's export story, and
also it's good for investor to buy in
China's go global story.
This is also kind of important because,
you know, not only this year, but also
in the past 2 years, 2 3 years, when
investors talk about China, they're
always concerned that okay, because of
the tariff, because of the geopolitical
tensions, China's trade numbers will
won't be good. But, in the past few
years, we always see that continue to be
upside surprise to investors. This I
think it at least will help, you know,
people to reframe some of the Chinese go
broad story.
>> Okay. Go go bullish in the gold.
>> Still still positive story going global,
yeah.
>> Exports will still Hao Zhou, thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Fantastic. Uh Hao Zhou, the economist at
CICC
Haitong uh Securities. Uh just ahead,
Cathay Pacific, uh one of the companies
set to report [music] earnings today.
We'll get you a preview coming up next.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. Cathay Pacific set
to report results up about 3% in the
first 20 minutes of trade here. Uh we're
looking at profit growth, annual profit
growth, perhaps the first one in quite a
bit of time here. Uh investors though
may be more focused on uh the company's
views on the impact of the war in Iran,
whether that's on the cost side or some
of these ticket prices, which of course
that have been substantially higher
higher profit to see to say the least.
If you don't take my word for it, just
go on the app and try and book a book a
flight to London. Uh tell me what that
tells you. All right, uh Danny Lee is
here with us, our Asia aviation and
transport reporter to talk us through
the industry dynamics and how that
affects the company.
>> Yeah, we're hearing a lot already from
airlines in this region of the world
about uh having to raise air fares. If
you're Qantas, they're going to be
raising air fares by 5% this week,
that's that's not small by any means
given where prices are now elevated. And
you have a number of airlines who are
either introducing or, you know, raising
surcharges, fuel surcharges on overall
prices. So, this is a a clearly painful
moment for the consumer if you're
looking to travel because in the near
term prices elevated and ultimately
prices are going higher. And so, when
you look at Cathay's earnings today, a
lot has to be said for what management
will have to say on the impact of the
war and on the impact on its bottom
line.
>> Yeah, I think JP Morgan had a pretty
interesting note talking about, you
know, Cathay saying here they're likely
to stand out given that they they have
strong balance sheets, their hedging
strategies are are prudent. Um and and
really it's more about traffic
reallocation than any sort of structural
sort of risks. I'm just wondering how
does Cathay stand out in terms of how
they approach this this around situation
compared to other airlines?
>> When you look at how the Gulf shutdown
has taken up around 10% of international
capacity worldwide and that's all
through the Gulf carriers, the spillover
effect really helps the likes of Cathay
and even Singapore Airlines. When you
have uh you know, them as big transit
carriers, they can pick up a lot of
demand. But their flights are already
fairly full, 85-90% full. So, and they
would have seen a lot of their flights
being pretty much sold out in recent
days. They're adding on extra flights.
Cathay announced extra flights to London
and and to some parts of Europe. So,
they're doing well. However, um there is
still a balance to be brought with the
overall cost of the impact of oil which
they are going to have to balance with.
Clearly they have been hedging. In the
past they've not hedged so well, but
have they hedged enough to mitigate the
costs of these surging oil prices is
another question.
>> Danny, thank you. Danny Lee there, Asia
Aviation and Transport Reporter on the
latest on what to expect out of these
Cathay earnings coming up. Uh in terms
of what we're looking at heading into
this break, it is you know, we're seeing
when it comes to onshore markets, we're
relatively [music] flat here this
morning. The CSI 300 Hang Seng also just
lightly to [music] the upside. So, not
too much risk on. Uh it seems like the
situation around still really weighing
on investor minds here right now. And
we'll kind of get a check on HS Tech
coming up. We're just about a third of
1% higher here. So, yesterday maybe you
saw the likes of MiniMax up some 20%.
Definitely moderated a little bit here
on this Wednesday morning. This [music]
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right. Uh just a look at some of the
early gainers right now to the upside.
CATL really having a really good 2 days
right now. So, we're up further 5%
today. Uh Xinyi Solar and Sunny Optical,
despite of course the similarity in part
of those names, have almost nothing in
common. Uh but that's just to say the
other thing in common is that we're
looking at upside right there. On those
two stocks, uh we're still focusing on
Tencent. Um still also on the upside
last we checked.
There we go. Okay, but we are giving up
uh most of the early gains right now.
Nio though is still holding on to again
substantial gains coming through
following the earnings and then
following upgrades coming through from
the analyst community.
>> Yeah, first ever profits only for the EV
maker. That is enough for it to be up
some 15% and continue to hold those
gains here. Uh but yeah, it is still
that open claw effect uh on HS Tech that
continues for some of these tech giants.
You know, it's a different story for
some of the startups which really did
rally massively yesterday already as
well. But yes, we'll have much more on
the way in the [music] next hour. Talk a
bit more about lobsters.
>> Yes.
>> Maybe like
>> Xiaolongxia.
>> Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> This is a China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and we have come off from the
initial highs here and we are uh losing
a bit of steam here. We're just up about
a tenth of 1% although it is interesting
to note though when it comes to the
Southbound flows today, early on we're
already seeing mainland investors as net
buyers of of stocks here in the city. So
at least that's a positive sign that
maybe there is still some some support
uh given from the Southbound flows. But
right now the rest of Asia, I think
we're still trying to digest what you
know, this whipsaw in oil markets given
the confusing messages from the US about
what their strategy is in Iran and then
you square that with this journal report
about the IEA set to release uh its
largest ever uh release of reserves to
try to calm these markets. Yeah, it's a
bit of a head turn there, Dave. What's
going on?
>> It it really is, right? Because it's
such a massive number that is being
prepared to be injected into the market
when the market is really looking for
simply a small number of vessels
uh going through that straight, right?
And that goes into this massive other
number uh that's coming through in terms
of that other report. I think it's from
CNN that talks about naval mines off out
of Iran. Uh there's a deleted social
post to get into as well. And you know,
a case in point is yes, the Nikkei's up
too. Uh we're also up on the Nikkei
volatility index which is quite rare you
see that uh parallel same direction on
the same on the same day. Kospi's on the
way up outperforming today. Taiwan is up
about 3%.
Uh we're coming off quite steep selling,
I believe, in Taiwan yesterday which is
the same case when you look at Hong
Kong. Uh relevant information as far as
what Ivan was just pointing out, right?
Net buyers early in Hong Kong uh today.
Okay, uh US and European futures, how
are we doing about Okay, we're mixed uh
the same as the mixed messaging we're
getting coming through uh of uh
Washington D.C. Oil is
Here's the thing on oil, right? So, I
think we're looking at the biggest
swings in oil going back to 2022. That's
when of course the Ukraine invasion
began.
Uh but still, if you split the
difference and say things de-escalate
from here, and let just say we go back
to $80 on Brent, we're still up 30% for
the year. So, the inflation story
actually does it does not go away.
Right? If you think about it uh in that
context. Uh and do you look through that
from a central banker perspective,
right? Dollar's weaker right now. Uh
we're still following as well this theme
of open claw.
Uh and it's still playing out across A
shares coming up on your screens.
Tencent should also be coming up too.
There
uh the spot You know, you have
widespread adoption. It's making its
rounds on social media. You have uh
regulators chiming in and warning about
the risks to this. The market is still
running with a theme largely as well. Uh
these are A shares you're looking at
related to that including of course
Tencent. Was up seven, we were up four.
We're now up just 1.6% about 30 minutes
into the into the session today here.
>> Yeah, it's I encourage everyone to read
the tech in-depth newsletter came
through. Written by our very own
colleague Jing Huang about why China has
been so
embracing, you know, in in terms of this
whole technology. And certainly this
latest mania gripping Chinese tech
circles it is this whole term of quote
raising lobsters. I don't know if you've
seen that lobster emoji around on social
media uh that's been circling around.
And we're not talking about farming
crustaceans, right? Open claw is the
name of the software that is really
generating this excitement here right
now. And what is it? Well, it's
basically an AI agent that helps users
write emails, organize emails, or even
set reminders as well. So, even help you
make restaurant reservations. And not
[clears throat] through a chatbot,
right? You don't have to chat to do it.
It does it automatically. So, uh when it
comes to the fact that it is also open
source, it is something that China has
been yearning for in some ways because
we are looking for that next big
catalyst in this whole AI wave. The time
when we're still waiting for this next
successor of Deep Seek. You know, could
this be the next big hit, right? And
we're seeing that being in reflected in
these markets, right? Where big tech
firms have also adopted the tool and
released their own versions. And the
excitement over this is really being
reflected in the stock price, right? We
talked about Tencent, Baidu, all of them
talking about how they're you know,
they're tweaking either their own models
or they're finding ways to deploy it as
well. MiniMax was surge continues to
surge double digits here in just one
week alone. Was talking about ways to
really increase and boost their own
models and the like. So,
it's not just that, right? Local
governments are have also chimed in.
When you have the cities and districts
from Shenzhen, Wuxi are also offering
subsidies in the multi-million dollars
of yen to startups leveraging Open Claw
to make advances. So, there's a lot
going on this space here.
Can we bring up the video? Do we have
the video of the of the lobsters, right?
I mean, that's where you start to see
it's almost like a cult
>> hats.
>> the cult-like sort of following that it
has.
>> we go. Was it this Is it this one?
>> Yes.
And Jierui talked about he attended one
of these sort of meetings, Open Claw
meetings in Beijing.
>> Jierui, I think. Yeah.
>> And they were in fit the theme, right?
Not just when it comes not just the
hats, they were serving spicy crayfish.
Given the whole claw theme and and the
like. And it just shows you how you
know, how much people are really kind of
embracing this sort of technology and
software right now.
>> Yeah.
Uh and you know, a lot of it has taken
place under the radar because most of
the world is focusing on events in the
Middle East.
>> Yeah.
>> And we're we're here today.
>> This is just like mom and pops outside
>> yeah, yeah.
>> waiting for their you know, with their
laptops waiting to find some way to at
least download or at least yeah. Um and
it really brings back the time of this
kind of really frenzy around tech in
China maybe before that crackdown in
2020 when there was so much excitement
about delivery platforms and and then
bike sharing and the like. Um it kind of
has that reminiscence here right now.
And it really kind of you know, is this
really the next big thing is the big
question, of course.
>> Yeah, well, I mean if you have hats like
that it better be. [laughter]
It it better be, right?
>> I think we should get all we should all
get those hats.
>> Yeah, well, I I I need that. I I need
that just given how vertically
challenged I am [laughter] just in in
terms of height. Now, it's not all
enthusiasm, of course, as you've already
just pointing out there, right? You are
getting also some warnings coming
through from Chinese regulators. In
fact, when you look at this and the
cautious tone coming through the
country's Ministry of Industry and
Information Tech uh has warned that some
deployment some deployments pose
significant security risks. Uh in an
interview with the People's Daily, an
expert from China's MIT
says that users in finance and energy
are quite susceptible uh to possible
leaks which which could result in
substantial financial losses. So, uh
just keep of course the keep calling
your risk officer. I think it's a it's a
it's a key uh message here as well here.
>> Yeah, let's bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst Robert Lee
thinks Tencent and Alibaba could face a
hit from Open Claw use. He joins us now.
Okay, before we get to the poo-pooing,
>> [laughter]
>> tell us what's all the excitement about
Open Claw. Why do you think China has
embraced this so
fiercely?
>> Just cuz I'm a weather-beaten, you know,
dour bridge partner.
>> of reason. You bring me on.
You're the voice of reason.
>> give a more realistic view.
>> Sure.
>> And most importantly, as with everything
in AI on the software side, the key
question is when are these companies
going to make money? So, the rising
adoption of AI agents as catalyzed by
Open Claw has to be a good thing in
terms of increasing user engagement and
general usage of these tools. But uh I
think as has been widely understood in
the markets, AI agents consume a large
amount of tokens. These are the basic uh
units uh that are processed in the back
end by Nvidia chips or whatever it may
be.
So the token consumption or
computational consumption of these AI
agents is extremely high. Somebody has
to bear the cost and ultimately that's
the cloud companies because the API
pricing which relates directly to token
consumption is heavily subsidized in
China. The market API pricing in China
is somewhere in the region of 90 to 95%
below their Western competitors. So
these are loss leading services. Hence
what I published yesterday that the API
related or cloud related losses coming
from the increasing use of these
services will increase and that will
have some margin dent. Less so with the
big guys like Alibaba and Tencent, but
certainly the smaller guys Minimax and
Duolingo
their operating losses will increase on
the back of this. Yeah, is there a path
to profitability for the smaller the
smaller players? Well, ultimately we
need to see a consolidation in the
sector because again open clause really
interesting. Again, I think it's good
for the consumer. It's it's a great
agent of
to drive efficiency,
you know, in terms of everybody this
working life whether that is on a
personal front or from a business
perspective. But they're essentially
giving these tools away maybe not for
free, but a very very low subsidized
cost.
So until you see a consolidation in the
sector, then
um
you know, I again
based on a technology or open clause
that is available to everyone because
you name it every single large and small
AI company in China has rolled out an
open clause product. So going back to
basics, where's how do you differentiate
yourself when all your key competitors
are rolling out very similar products in
the market that is already suffering
from huge oversupply and
commoditization.
So I mean I've clearly rained on the
parade here, but I'm trying to give a
realistic view as to when these
companies are really going to monetize
open
increasing use of AI agents. That still
remains some way off. So, until we see
consolidation, that isn't going to
happen.
>> So, so in terms of where we are in the
AI sector in China, who who do you think
is likely going to be the winners? Is it
still going to be the tech giants or do
you look at the Duopols and the
MiniMaxes
and maybe see a bit more promise there?
>> These two, as you showed in your intro,
I mean, the stock prices have
performed phenomenally well, but we must
bear in mind that we are in retail
driven markets. These are small cap
companies. This is not unknown. For
those of you who, you know, who know the
China market well, look at a stock like
20 HK, SenseTime. Similarly, after
IPOing this thing, I don't remember off
the top of my head, went up five, 10
times.
Um, you know, in the subsequent years it
performed less strongly.
Um, you know, once the hype had
evaporated. So, I think these smaller
companies are interesting in their own
right, but they lack scale. And I would
argue that they lack a the ability to
carve out a defensible niche, which is
one of the key qualities you need to see
in any technology company. So, it's
going to be very hard for them going
against these big guys to monetize and
to drive earnings in the long run. So,
yeah, it's a pretty boring answer, but
the big guys have got huge balance
sheets, huge R&D resources to apply
these tools and enhance the
functionality of their tools. You know,
the the the the consumer is a winner,
but the guys with the huge reserves,
financial and R&D resources to fund
that. Just give you one statistic.
Tencent has got around 80,000 R&D
engineers across this entire business.
MiniMax, not picking on them, has got
300. So, they've done incredibly well,
but in the long run, I think they're
going to find it very hard to compete
with these huge tech collives which
dominate every aspect of the software
and cloud sector in China.
>> Yeah, 300 against 80,000. It sounds like
a movie with the Spartans involved a few
years back, wasn't [laughter] it?
Banter, of course. Robert Lee, thank you
so much. Our senior analyst. I just had
a look at the statistic out of Robert
here. 20 HK. Yes, I mean, we were at
eight bucks since time in the early
goings. We're now at
232. All right, so how do you What What
is the selection process that one uses
to pick out the winners and losers or
future winners, rather.
Oliver Cox is with us here at Set,
portfolio manager at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Runs a few strategies that
dovetails into these big teams. Very
nice to see you. Good morning.
>> Thanks very much indeed for having me,
guys.
>> I hope you
>> Big fan of the show. Great to be here.
>> Oh, good to have you on the show. Thank
you so much. [laughter] It's about to
get better with you here. Wow. I wonder
if you eavesdropped just now with our
conversation here with with with Robert.
So, how do you How do you pick the
winners?
>> I mean, I'd agree with a lot of what
Robert said there. I think it's still
the big picture in tech is we're still
very, very early days in this this
agentic era. This shift to agents being
deployed.
I mean, the the way I think about it is
is Claude Code. I think that's the most
impactful tech product I've seen
probably since the iPhone in 2007.
So, when when ChatGPT started in 2022,
people talked a lot about the ChatGPT
moment and that really kicked off this
AI AI cycle.
I think Claude Code is It's kind of like
a a ChatGPT moment for the enterprise. I
think where you're going to see most of
the monetization and that the adoption
really have a big impact is in some of
these white white collar workforce
settings within the enterprise as some
of the the big software companies roll
this this tool out. I think you're going
to see companies, in particular
government and and the enterprise layer,
that's where you're going to see a huge
amount of usage and that's where the
monetization is really going to show up.
So, in terms of gauging that and
assessing that, it's very, very early
days. We're still kind of in the first
innings, first 3 months of this really
uh this this really diffusing and these
tools getting out into people's hands,
but certainly something we're going to
be watching for in results to come and
every interaction, particularly with the
software companies, is how are you
monetizing it? What are people doing?
We're getting some early signs of that
in the US,
uh but it's a fascinating time to be
kind of looking at that that activity
really kicking off in China at the
>> Yeah, how are you looking at it in the
China AI space then?
>> Well, I think obviously the the
headlines I saw the photos and the video
you had just now [laughter] with people
with the the lobster hats or the all the
rest of it. That's going to take a lot
of the headlines, uh and you'll see
certainly people use these tools in in
terms of booking travel or using it to
to update their calendar or sorting out
their emails or or their media, but I
think where you can see the much more
value add and really put some hard hard
numbers on that will be when you start
to see companies
uh get a lot more efficiency and and
increased productivity when they deploy
these agents in their in their daily
workflows. So, we can already see some
early signs of that, particularly in the
US,
uh to a certain extent in Europe, and
now that wave is really starting to hit
in China. Yeah.
>> So, what are your overweights on the on
the tech side? If you can't give us
names, just maybe
>> Sure, this describe where in the sector
you are.
>> for this region and the strategies that
we have invested uh within Asia pack
tech per se, specifically, I think the
the biggest uh point to make there is
still
um
I mean, the the fundamentals is really
centering the the build out of AI data
centers. That capex story, the the big
US hyperscalers, where are we within
that cycle? Uh just to break it down in
in terms of demand and supply, uh what
are agents doing? They're increasing
demand, as Robert said, for tokens, for
compute. Uh so, demand looks extremely
strong, and the the the agent activity
is really kind of boosting that at the
margin in the short run. And then on the
supply side, I think we all know that
the supply side has been catching up. So
be it in semis, in hardware, servers,
it's it's a great time to be a supplier
of AI related hardware in the Asia
region.
So that balance is actually even shifted
to an even more tight situation as a
result of all this agent activity
kicking off. So I think when you look at
it,
my view is that we're still very
mid-cycle.
And because we have that mid-cycle view
>> process.
>> in the build-out process. So demand is
still very, very strong. If not anything
getting stronger recently, we're still
under supplied at the margin. So if
we're mid-cycle, that means
from my perspective any price correction
or or or or challenge
that we might see pullback, that's
really a chance to to to buy, to
increase exposure. And so I have
actually been looking to increase
exposure to that AI the data center
demand build-out exposed supply chain
over the past couple of weeks.
>> You guys have a very
interesting estimates on this. So you
>> Sure.
>> a dollar of capex that's spent. And I
think
one part of my question there is can we
trust the capex number now still? How
much of that goes into the Asia supply
chain?
>> Yeah. Well, just to to sign off on the
on the on the capex story, I think
overnight we saw a very significant bond
offering from Amazon. So we're starting
to see those US hyperscalers
not only tap their own cash flow, but
look look to the debt markets.
I think there was a 50-year bond deal.
So so the demand that as far as I could
see was was very, very high. That was an
oversubscribed deal. I think we're going
to see more of those
to to to come forward. Also just
listening to what your your US
commentators on the on the Bloomberg
tech show which I did listen to this
morning on pod podcast on a podcast,
they were talking about particularly
European investors being a big big
driver of that demand. And the reason
for that was is within Europe, it's
very, very hard to get equity exposure
to the AI build-out. They don't have the
hyperscalers to invest in. They don't
have the supply chain to invest in that
we do in this region. So, the bond route
is really the key way for a US European
investors to get exposure to get
exposure there, yeah.
>> All right. Oliver, we'll have more with
you. Oliver Cox, our portfolio manager
at JP Morgan Asset Management. He's
sticking around. Still ahead on the
China show, more on AI and the cloud
computing sector in China with Tuya
Smart co-founder Alex Yang joining us
later [music] on this hour. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right, still with us here on set, Oliver
Cox, portfolio manager JP Morgan Asset
Management. We were just talking about,
you know, for every dollar that's spent,
40 cents
>> Yeah, we think it's about
>> goes to the capex spend goes to the
Asia. Talk to us a little bit more about
that.
>> Yeah, so our analysis of the supply
chain and what we see at the moment is
that for every dollar spent by the US
hyper scalers, we think approximately 40
to 50% of that is coming directly into
the Asia supply chain. So, that's the
familiar names within Korea, within
Taiwan, also Japan, but also the China
hardware players as well. So, I think
the China AI story, obviously the big
software companies, they take most of
the headlines, everything that's going
around
with agents at the moment this week, but
on the ground there are some fantastic,
very, very strong, very, very important
for the AI supply chain hardware and
component companies as well.
>> Mhm.
>> So, it's it's a it's a range of
companies, yeah, but the the rule of
thumb at the moment for every dollar um
that the hyperscalers are spending,
40-50% is coming straight into the
supply chain in this region. It gets
reinvested. There's a ripple effect to
that. So
>> So I know you've been taking advantage
of these sort of corrections to to
really buy on these dips here. So where
are we in this whole AI tech hardware
cycle? Is it just early innings? I mean
>> I think I mean
we're we're 3 years just over 3 years
since since chat GPT launched. As I
mentioned before
Claude code is really what I see is the
chat GPT moment for the enterprise.
And I think we're going to see a ton
more building,
more apps and more of these agents
rolling out. So we're still very early
in that phase of enterprises really
really adopting AI. So I think overall
we're still very mid-cycle as I see it.
That build-out is still going to
continue. Companies we'll we'll see
value from these tools. They're already
seeing value from these tools.
And and so we're still relatively early
in that build-out. So overall still
mid-cycle for the for the hardware
supply chain.
>> Does the does the thesis and here's the
macro overlay. Does the thesis hold up
if we get higher interest rates, which
is still a tail risk, but there's a
conversation there that higher rates
will not justify the valuations even if
the underlying story as is as robust as
you as you alluded to.
>> Yeah, I think if we get higher higher
interest rates or a real shift into say
a stronger dollar environment,
that's going to be a bit of a bit of a
challenge for for markets in this
region. I think we all know the
relationship between the the weaker
dollar and how much of a tailwind that
can be for emerging markets in Asia
Pacific. So I think if we shift if that
macro environment really shifts back to
say what we've seen for for much of the
last 15 years when we were in a strong
dollar cycle, most of the capital, most
of the investment around the world did
did go into US equities and we we
started to see that shift back over the
past 6 months. People considering much
more of an international allocation. And
of course we've been I think we've been
beneficiaries of that. China, Asia
Pacific region has been a beneficiary of
that, but
I think if we see a prolonged higher
interest higher interest rate or higher
inflation cycle, that would be a
challenge overall. Yeah.
>> Talk to me about gaming.
>> Yeah.
>> Why why are you looking at gaming now?
>> Well, apart from the AI supply chain and
and and and Claude and Claude code and
lobsters, I think the other big story
within tech of the last 3 months has
been disruption. So, AI disruption. So,
we've seen a number of
software companies correcting as the
market has has put a big question mark
over this emerging risk of disruption to
their core business. Is the moat as high
as we thought? Are the barriers to entry
as high as we thought? Is the cash flow
going to be going to be secure?
My perspective on that is there's been a
number of to kind of kind of phrase
babies which have been thrown out with
the bathwater. I think we've seen a
number of companies which have been
unfairly punished. And the gaming sector
in particular, which is which is a big
portion of tech in this region, really
stands out. You've seen valuations
correct. I think the business model of
the the moats that they have there, it's
all about IP, a really long relationship
with the consumer who who've been
playing these games since they were
children. When they get older, they have
more disposable income, they're more
willing to to spend more money on games.
I think that fundamental story is
intact. So, we've been taking advantage
of the correction in that area.
>> Yeah.
>> Oliver, it's great to have you.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Rakau portfolio manager at JP Morgan
Asset Management. He was talking about
IPs, right? You got to talk about
Nintendo stock here today.
>> Yes.
>> Uh it is surging as much as 10% at one
point. And really the steepest
ascent since April. There is the
surprise success of this new Pokémon
game.
>> Oh, is it down to that?
>> On on the Switch 2 console there.
Pokémon Picopia.
>> Oh.
>> a hit.
>> Put that in the key set.
>> Yeah. You can watch more, of course, on
our video hub, as well. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right, welcome back. We're looking at
machinery stocks. In fact, machine tool
makers specifically. There's a CCTV
report talking about the sharp pick up
in orders early this year and some of
them are booked through
a plant in [music] Guangzhou province uh
is booked through uh September based on
that report. So, Guangzhou specifically
is not a province of Guangdong Guangdong
province. But anyway, of course, just to
uh
wrap that [music]
uh story for you there. We're headed to
the break in Japan. More on that in a
moment. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> The report so far is that the IEA is
planning the biggest ever release and
the number out there is so it would be
somewhere north of 180 million barrels.
Uh
what we have lost uh more than 10 days
of war, very easy calculation, about 20
million barrels per day that flows
through the Strait of Hormuz. We are now
uh past 10 days of the war. The market
has already lost about 200 million
barrels, give or take.
If the IEA countries release that much
of oil and a separate question over what
period of time they'll be able to
release all that, that would simply make
up what the market has already lost.
Then every single day after that that
the war continues and the strait remains
closed, what do we do?
>> Wanda [music] Insites, Menaka Hariharan,
of course, joining us uh earlier here uh
on Bloomberg Television a few hours
back. In fact, if you just caught that
there, she was doing the calculations on
live TV in her head as that news was
fantastic piece of
analysis immediately just to help us
understand what the important headline
is because there's so many headlines out
there one after the other even
simultaneously.
And it's really led to Brent currently
at wall levels 10 day wall historic
levels when you compare things to
uh
previous wars you have Ukraine and
Desert Storm obviously are very very
high as far as that's concerned. GSCE
and the pandemic hitting are also part
of the circumstances you see on the
screens and we are of course at the
yellow level.
Uh joining us out of Singapore is our
oil trading reporter Rongwei Neo is here
as we look at the oil price right now
and yeah there's a big number
um a 180 plus that could hit the market
and it could maybe not enough to offset
the big number that we've lost offline.
But isn't the issue though that the oil
is there it just can't be shipped around
the world?
>> All right, so David as you rightfully
pointed out although this headlines of
IEA wanting to release uh possibly
releasing a whole heart of emergency
stockpiles had indeed shifted the market
but um testament to how the market
sentiments toward this announcement is
we've quickly seen oil prices for both
benchmarks swing back into the green.
Now that's that comes as the market
digests how much these
uh oil when released into the market
will actually help to alleviate the
supply crunch. As you rightfully pointed
out more importantly the issue or the
pain points on hand is still the fact
that a lot of these tankers are stuck
due to uh the dangerous conditions along
the Strait of Hormuz and that ultimately
is still the key factor or the biggest
supply risks that is affecting oil
markets today.
>> Okay, there's so many things to look at
whether it's what what the US has said
about
you know escorting tankers around and
that seemed to have been taken down and
then there was where we are in terms of
military operations. I mean what what is
your team watching out for the most that
could actually calm these markets down?
>> As you have rightly pointed out earlier
as well we have been seeing
I'll call it unprecedented of volatility
in oil markets. Oil prices are reacting
and swinging according to these
headlines but as the market comes down
and digests what these actually mean
we would see that actually what really
matters here for oil markets is still
the fundamentals and when I talk about
fundamentals it really what I'm really
referring to is the actual production
and supply of crude oil. So what my team
is currently looking at is I still
mainly the physical factors as the war
rages on a lot of these oil structures
in the Middle East are still being hit.
Of course most recently we have ways
after that where it's not still
assessing but ways is one of the largest
refineries can process nearly a million
barrels a day of oil and really the
impact of such a huge oil infrastructure
being hit has been felt across ripples
have been felt across in the markets
especially for one of its largest buyers
here in Asia.
>> You know we just got this headline about
30 minutes ago back the Saudis have said
they've intercepted
the two numbers here but I'll go with a
smaller number two drones heading
towards one of their oil fields.
What is
what is our understanding currently
about the amount of capacity that is
let's call it semi-permanently offline.
>> All right so
a lot of these barrels in the Middle
East of course
we have we are reacting to a lot of
headlines and really all these numbers
are highly dependent on how these
companies on the ground are assessing
the damage. So, I would say that a lot
of these estimates we are getting across
the headlines and the wire and the
terminal are kind of rough estimates for
now. But what I can say for sure is that
your key Middle Eastern oil producers, a
lot of them have drastically cut
production. All these cuts are highly
significant and although we may see
day-to-day headlines maybe by the
minute, by the hour of sudden
infrastructure being hit by
I do have to caution you to say that it
will take time for these refiners to
assess the damage whether key
infrastructure is being impacted,
whether it's a production cut is a
production facility or is it the storage
facility. Of course, the latter being a
bit I would say more bullish for oil.
So, as we wrap our heads around all
these different announcements, I think
the key takeaway is that the Middle
Eastern producers are reacting and real
tangible physical cuts in production has
been made over the course of this war.
>> Romaine, thank you. Romaine there our
oil trading reporter on yeah, this sort
of fog that we're all kind of in
and really reacting to things and
literally in real time. Of course, Iran
is also the topic of today's big take
which looks at how the US has been
forced to dig deep into its expensive
military inventory to counter Tehran's
arsenal of missiles and drones. You can
check it out on the [music] terminal if
you're a subscriber or on our website
bloomberg.com.
>> [music]
>> Yep, coming up as well Alex Yang 2 years
smart [music] out with earnings a few
days ago and yeah, we'll help unpack
given all the news flow too, [music]
right? How does this affect them? What
their plans are successful across most
financial metrics their targets this
year. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Okay, let's have a look at how we're
doing in as far as some of these stocks
[music] are concerned. So, Tencent,
JD.com,
Minimax on your screens. Wow, all over
the place, right? So, initially the
bottom two were down. JD.com is now up.
Tencent has about half its early gains,
1 and 1/2% to the
to the upside here. One of the stock
we're tracking amidst, of course, the
spotlight properly back on the broader
theme of AI
is is Tuya also coming up on your
screens very, very shortly. A couple of
couple of days ago out with some
earnings, fantastic set of numbers here.
That's a snapshot, of course, of the
company itself. In fact, the co-founder
of the company Tuya Smart is here with
us on set, Alex Yang,
COO and also the CFO of the US and Hong
Kong listed firm, reported fourth
quarter results last week. Very nice to
see you and good morning. And clearly,
I'm just looking at the set of numbers
that you guys reported, it's been
financially good
for you guys reporting growth. So,
can you guys continue the momentum
>> Yes.
>> in 2026?
>> Yes, yes. We already see the momentum
starting to
getting better because last year we know
that it kind of the turbulent year comes
over all those kind of different type of
trading conflicts and and challenge out
there. But this year that is coming
back. The market become more steady than
the all the merchants know those that
how they can rebounds. I think at the
front of very concerned year, I mean, in
2025.
So, the momentum continues and AI
continues.
>> Yeah, I was going to ask you about AI.
You just launched this AI-powered
assistant, Hey Tuya, at CES. Tell us a
little more about it. It seems like you
are really wrapping up your AI adoption
here right now. What are some of the
verticals, some of the use cases that
you're seeing as gaining the most
traction now?
>> I think that's the AI for us. We're
going to two
major
major type of directions. The first one
is that so we're combined the AI
capability along with the hardware. So
the AI the hardware contains more I mean
capability how to help make your life
easier. So before that it's more like
the preset program like the IoT
applications. So the all those kind of
uh scenarios are kind of the preset or
scheduled in in that scenario. But
coming out with an M capabilities, it
can become self-aware and
self-responses. So without annoying you
that asking you, "Okay, what you're
going to do with this?" So after you
give them some input, so they can do
that automatically for you. So that's
the first one.
>> Okay.
>> And the second one is on the interfacing
level. So that's why we produced the
uh introduced the Hey Tuya. So we
believe that combined with the N&M
capabilities, the hardware will be
easier to use. So I think that right now
one of the key barriers for the
adoptions and the penetrations of the
smart devices is still kind
[clears throat] of
difficult to use. Especially for the
elders and for the for the very young
age peoples like my son. So they still
not okay, I need to learn different
application interfaces to interface with
the Tuya type of hardware. That still
kind of the challenging for them. But
coming out with an N&M, it can be a very
natural interfacing. So you just talk
instead of a tap
to those devices and adding to work for
you.
>> Okay. And in as far as so as a CEO and a
CFO, of course you're also looking at
things like predictable revenue, stable
revenues, and of course some of the
growth areas as well. So talk to us
about those two things in terms of
growth and some of the premium services
that I understand of course you're also
looking to leverage.
>> Yeah, correct. I think that's the first
one the key drivers for for Tuya coming
out all the way is that uh so because we
are the B2B enablers for the developers.
Help them to build the smart devices
easily. So, the key drivers will be
adoption of smart devices. So, I do
believe in that smart home
portfolios will become a promising
in after 10 years, right? So, right now
coming on with the AI, we already see
that it will have the devices come with
more values that helping people to solve
more pain points easily that more people
start to use those type of things. And
through that demands growth, and we have
more and more players in the industry,
new brands, new startup teams, and
different type of manufacturers. They
start to transit their legacy, I mean,
what they call legacy hardware
portfolios into the smart
hardware portfolios. So, that's will be
the key drivers. So, we offered them the
two keys to help them to get through
those barriers. Take on the on the
technique challenge, go through all the
technique challenging, and then you make
it done.
>> Um there's been so much hype around Open
Claw. I'm just wondering, have you been
using it? Have you been deploying it in
in your business in any way?
>> I think that's uh that's not for the
commercial usage. And for me personally,
yeah, I had a I had a claw. Yeah. On my
old, very old uh MacBook, and it helped
me to deal with the some regular stuff
like uh to collecting all those kind of
news and give me the summary for that
every day when the market's open, etc.
But uh I think that will be the typical
scenarios in the beginning, maybe two
years ago. People don't know what to do
with AI. Even though that okay, that
will be a very expensive
event spend, and a lot of
crazy uh a lot of large companies
talking about it and say that's the
future. A lot of people don't know what
will be the real scenarios to use that.
I think Open Claw will be only one of
the
use cases that uh help people understand
how AI can open the door. And we believe
that will be hundreds of thousands of
more of them. And uh to help people do
that. So, what we do is we keep
searching what will be specific
scenarios people require for some type
of services. And we provide a very
standardized and stable and a
commercialized use cases to ensure that
we can provide it in a very
promising and safe way. So, that's what
we can talking back to some of the
recurring services we put on top of the
Hay Two Yeah.
>> Right. You know, I I'd love to hear a
real-life example because I think you're
you're right because the people
it's almost like a for a company like
yourself, you're almost are looking to
see how people's behaviors change and
how they interact with I don't know
their air conditioner that's at home.
>> [laughter]
>> Correct.
>> the changes and whether or not you need
to worry about the temperature at home
when I'm at here
>> [snorts]
>> at work. So,
talk to us about what changes you think
>> Yeah.
>> you can predict users will eventually
>> Real-life applications.
>> Yeah, maybe I'll give you two use cases.
Yeah, connected for home. Right now, we
have so many smart home devices being
adopted to to to global market.
>> Right.
>> Uh nearly billion devices, we have
hundreds of millions of users out there.
And uh very simple use cases will be
robotic vacuum, right? We know that.
>> Yes.
>> We don't want to do cleaning works. No
people that like to do that. So, robotic
vacuum seems to help that.
>> Yes.
>> But you know how my wife use that?
Because we right now we have the robotic
vacuum come with them from plan with the
different mapping systems and
navigations.
But
>> A very smart robot vacuum.
>> Correct.
>> Okay.
>> But the way my wife use that, okay, one
of my son that's you know
and spilled some milk on the dining
room.
>> Okay.
>> The way my wife use that to call, "Hey
Alex, can you call your robotic vacuum
to clean the dining room?"
>> Wait, Alex is your son or the vacuum,
sorry?
>> That's me.
>> Oh, the two. Okay. [laughter] Okay. I'm
just making sure. Okay.
>> The reason being
>> Yes. Yes. Okay.
>> Because okay, I don't want to learn the
application. I don't want to learn
>> [laughter]
>> People do name their their vacuums. So,
yes.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay, that's it me. Okay. About so they
found that she found that the easier way
is that instead of learning the
applications how to open the vacuum, how
to select the the the map and the select
the exactly locations that what the
vacuum to do, call me to do that. So
come now with Hey Toya, right now. Okay,
your husband is away, okay? Forget about
husband.
>> Yes.
>> Call Hey Toya to do that. So right now
he can she can say that Hey Toya, get
the
robot, clean my dining room. Okay, so
the the the AI system will help her
figuring out what will be exactly the
commands to do what actions and give the
feedback. Okay, so that will be one use
cases. So I think I believe that
right now still around 90% of the
populations globally
they're not smart home user.
>> Yeah.
>> Because they think they still kind of an
annoying for them or still kind of a
challenge for them to learn how to use
that through different app. So instead
of tap and swipe, right now they just
talk.
>> Instead of tap and swipe, you just talk.
>> Yeah, just order.
>> Oh gosh. It's it's fascinating but also
very scary at the same
>> Order the robot.
>> [laughter]
>> Um
>> [clears throat]
>> in terms of just challenges ahead, I
mean what what do you think is going to
be the biggest sort of challenge for
you? Is is it competition given that
there are many players when it comes to
AI and the adoption of AI? Is it going
to be supply chain just given some of
the constraints that we're seeing in
hardware and the like here or or is
there something like, you know,
externally like tariffs that is still
top of mind? What what what do you think
is the biggest challenge for the
business?
>> I think the largest challenge is still
that the how fast the adoption would
have been taking places. And because we
spent 10 years, I mean from
establishment of the company, we have
the vision. We spent we we spent all we
kind of wait for 10 years until the
industry is trying to get more
um smart light and we have over kind of
over 10% of that penetrations all over
the world. But still over 10 years. The
issue is that
I think the key challenge is that how
fast we can make the technology being
easier enough for majority of the
people. And maybe at Adam helps, but we
still have a lot lot of gaps on the
technology tree we need to adapt. That's
for that. But for the short term we'll
I'll describe as more as a turbulence.
So incurring the tariffs, incurring all
those kind of regional conflicts,
including the supply chain like the
concerns, right? Short term turbulence
will
come over. I mean,
we're all taking places all over the
time, but it's only short time. So we
don't have much worry about that. And we
are welcome for more players in the
industry. If you imagine, we describe
that the
what we're doing, it will become a
default
infrastructure or default features for
all industry, for all industry that
related to hardware.
And how many players should be?
Should be 100 times more.
So we'll have more players, we'll have
more guys to be able to join into
pushing the innovation forward and to do
do better on the market educations, to
bring the comfort mind for the
consumers. If the consumer you say that
everybody doing that, they feel more
comfortable, safe, right?
>> Alex, it's great to have you. Alex Yang
there, co-founder, CEO, and CFO at Tuya
Smart. And coming up, BYD said to be
thinking about a foray into Formula 1 to
boost the brand's appeal globally. We
have the details coming up [music] next.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right, the Chinese Grand Prix is
actually set for Shanghai this this
coming weekend, of course, and perhaps
in the future we might see BYD among the
cars burning rubber on the circuit
there. That's because the automaker is
said to be examining options here to
enter Formula 1.
>> Yeah, Linda Liu is our China automotive
reporter joins us now. Um I mean,
obviously there's there's a lot of brand
recognition involved, but what is it
going to be the appeal for BYD to enter
something like F1?
>> I think exactly like you said, you know,
if BYD decide to, you know, enter into
the F1, maybe considering building their
own team or buying into a season, that
means millions of viewers around the
world. Um you know, could be accessible
through, you know, the presence in these
races. And you know, fans get very
passionate about, you know, supporting
their own teams. So, these are all
cachet that BYD really wants to access
as it pushes up its luxury branding.
Because right now, as we know, BYD in
China especially is still known as a
mass-market brand. It's got this long
association for being ride-hailing cars.
So, I think BYD is trying to assess
options for shaking up, you know, its
mass-market image.
>> It's clearly not going to be this
weekend because it's quite It's quite
soon. But do we have a rough timeline? I
know it's still very, very loose stages.
>> of Drive to Survive.
>> If they could [laughter] make that cut,
right?
>> Yeah, so part of the consideration for
BYD is the amount of investments you
might need to spend into
you know, if they're considering
building up a team. Maybe more
I guess uh
economical option would be for BYD maybe
buying into an existing team or do some
partnerships
as we've seen with other Chinese
automakers have done in the past such as
Geely.
Other than F1, BYD may also look to Le
Mans, the really famous endurance
racing. So, there are several options
out there for BYD. And I think it's
probably going to really assess
you know, the amount of investments
required versus the payoff they might
get.
>> Mhm.
>> Um Tesla, tell us more about the luxury
push. How How's that going for BYD now?
>> So, I think it's a bit of a slow process
for BYD given that, you know, they've
been known as this affordable brand for
such a long time. Um
you know, in the beginning even compared
against Tesla, they were seen as the
more um affordable cheaper option. But
now BYD has launched these uh very
expensive upmarket brands such as the
Yangwang series, uh which is priced at 1
million yuan or above. And BYD has also
built racing tracks uh in China hoping
to really attract customers with this
need for speed, uh you know, more
uh upscale customers, you know, that
maybe wouldn't have considered BYD
before, but now with more expensive
offerings, BYD is really hoping to get
better margins from these brands.
>> All right, Linda thank you. Linda Liu
there, our automotive reporter uh on all
things yeah, BYD. Maybe they'll make it
to the next next season of Drive to
Survive. I don't know.
>> Um and then do they bring back a Chinese
driver to drive it, right? Oh.
>> Oh yeah. And do they take Monaco if you
think about it? BYD
>> Zhou Guanyu, yeah. Like he it was pretty
short-lived, but yes, we we needed some
more Chinese presence uh in the F1. Um
speaking of which, of course, there you
go. There he is. Um we were talking
about, you know, battery stocks
obviously. Um there's been certainly
some bright spots in all of this here.
Um as we tilt more to the EV space, I
guess. But take a look at what it comes
to CATL and NIO results that really
talked about the whole the energy
independence that China has. Optical
names also were stronger here because of
Oracle server demands and what we saw in
some of those indications there. So,
certainly those things are rallying
quite hard here today in China.
>> Yeah, it's been a really good two days
here for for for battery for CATL,
right? And I think Tencent not the same
can be said. I think we're still up but
not to the extent of yesterday, which is
perhaps why when you look at Hang Seng
Index, we are
coming off highs uh already as far as
that's concerned. Obviously, we still
Oh, actually no, my mistake. We didn't
see a
a leg up here just now. I wonder
actually why. Okay, let's have a look at
uh what's going on underneath the hood.
Uh we are entering the last hour of the
morning session. It's It's so it is
quite early there. So, CATL is leading
that. Geely among the big names, of
course, moving
uh to the upside. MSCI Asia Pacific 1.7%
so it's the rally continues [music]
across the region, uh the Asian equity
complex here.
>> Yep, that's it for us here on the China
show. Insight is next. Stay with us.
>> [music]